Changelog update: 2023-01-02 to 2023-03-12 (#64205)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: data/changelog.txt

# 0.H

## Features:

> Prevent occlusions via (auto)-semi-transparent sprites (similar to retraction)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tilesets: Automatically prevent occlusions via semi-transparent sprites (similar to retraction)
```

> flip overmap tiles to default true

Reviewer: This'll probably end up in a 0.G point release, not sure it should be in the changelog because of that.
```suggestion
```

> Parametric basecamp expansion definitions

Reviewer: I don't know enough about the feature, but this summary line doesn't tell me much

Author: ```suggestion
Add parametric mapgen to consolidate similar basecamp definitions
```

## Content:
Add 14 scores, 24 achievements and 5 conducts related to vehicular travel

> Generic finales for generic mine
> New boss for physics lab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add generic finales for generic mine
Add new boss for physics lab
```

> 4 New Apartment Complexes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add 4 New Apartment Complexes
```

Add several new bungalows

## Interface:
Show addictions from hobbies in newcharacter tab
Added ability to think to yourself in the message log
Added Presets for pocket settings

## Mods:
Add Endless Teapot

> Add Foot attack vector to Panzer's Somersault Kick

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Magiclysm] Add Endless Teapot
[MMA] Add Foot attack vector to Panzer's Somersault Kick
```

[Innawood] Autolearn crafting different grades of steel
[My Sweet Cataclysm] Remove extra candy from the MRE item group

> Allow the Earthshaper pickaxe to mine, not just transform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Magiclysm] Allow the Earthshaper pickaxe to mine, not just transform
```

[DinoMod] armor material fixes
[Xedra Evolved] random fixes
Earthshaper weapon consistency change
Fix the Migo mutation tree
Makes mana soft
Adds more tropical flora

> Split off Mythos creatures into self-contained mod for 0.G

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Aftershock] Fix the Migo mutation tree
[Tropiclysm] Adds more tropical flora
[Mythos Mod] Split off Mythos creatures into self-contained mod
```

[DinoMod] zombie dino bites

> [innawood] religious questline fixes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Innawood] religious questline fixes
```

[Xedra Evolved] Bunch of stuff for dreamer class
Desert Region: world generation changes
Aftershock: More space food.
Aftershock: Add a motion scanner
Aftershock: Furniture for habitats

> Starter Backrooms NPC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Desert Region] world generation changes
[Aftershock] More space food.
[Aftershock] Add a motion scanner
[Aftershock] Furniture for habitats
[Backrooms] Add a starting scenario with an NPC
```

[DinoMod] wilderness spawn rework
Makes earthshaper cestus nonconductive
XEDRA Evolved grammar touchups
Adds Thought Shield and Thought Suit spells
Aftershock: Reduce deadliness and frequency of ruin robots
Remove Dark Skies Above from the main repository

> Adds item enchanting to magicalysm mod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Magiclysm] Adds Thought Shield and Thought Suit spells
[Aftershock] Reduce deadliness and frequency of ruin robots
Remove Dark Skies Above from the main repository
[Magiclysm] Add item enchanting
```

[Backrooms] Adds 10 rare artifact variants to the Backrooms
Delete Magiclysm Graphical Overmap
Another approach to animist summoning
Fix Magiclysm's Lesser/Greater Storage Rings causing encumberance

> Re-adds moose taming to tameable wildlife mod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Magiclysm] Fix Lesser/Greater Storage Rings causing encumberance
```

[DinoMod] tawa
[Xedra Evolved] I stole the inventor's sparks for dreamer class
Aftershock: Two new heavy laser cannons

> Dreamsmiths got their spells

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Xedra Evolved] Add content for Dreamer and Dreamsmith classes
[Aftershock] Add two new heavy laser cannons
```

> Add Endless Teapot
> Add Foot attack vector to Panzer's Somersault Kick
> [Innawood] Autolearn crafting different grades of steel
> [My Sweet Cataclysm] Remove extra candy from the MRE item group
> Allow the Earthshaper pickaxe to mine, not just transform
> [DinoMod] armor material fixes
> [Xedra Evolved] random fixes
> Earthshaper weapon consistency change
> Fix the Migo mutation tree
> Makes mana soft
> Adds more tropical flora
> Split off Mythos creatures into self-contained mod for 0.G
> [DinoMod] zombie dino bites
> [innawood] religious questline fixes
> [Xedra Evolved] Bunch of stuff for dreamer class
> Desert Region: world generation changes
> Aftershock: More space food.
> Aftershock: Add a motion scanner
> Aftershock: Furniture for habitats
> Starter Backrooms NPC
> [DinoMod] wilderness spawn rework
> Makes earthshaper cestus nonconductive
> XEDRA Evolved grammar touchups
> Adds Thought Shield and Thought Suit spells
> Aftershock: Reduce deadliness and frequency of ruin robots
> Remove Dark Skies Above from the main repository
> Adds item enchanting to magicalysm mod
> [Backrooms] Adds 10 rare artifact variants to the Backrooms
> Delete Magiclysm Graphical Overmap
> Another approach to animist summoning
> Fix Magiclysm's Lesser/Greater Storage Rings causing encumberance
> Re-adds moose taming to tameable wildlife mod
> [DinoMod] tawa
> [Xedra Evolved] I stole the inventor's sparks for dreamer class
> Aftershock: Two new heavy laser cannons
> Dreamsmiths got their spells

Author: ```suggestion
[Aftershock] Fix the Migo mutation tree
[TropiCata] Adds more tropical flora
[Mythos] Split off Mythos creatures into self-contained mod for 0.G
[Desert Region] world generation changes
[Aftershock] Reduce deadliness and frequency of ruin robots
[Dark Skies] Remove Dark Skies Above from the main repository
[Magiclysm] Adds item enchanting to magicalysm mod
[Backrooms] Adds 10 rare artifact variants to the Backrooms
[Magiclysm Graphical Overmap] Delete Magiclysm Graphical Overmap
[Magiclysm] Another approach to animist summoning
[Xedra Evolved] Dreamsmiths got their spells
```

## Balance:

> Default to bashing on bars/fence instead of the ground

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Cap melee skill gain based on monster melee skill
Simple deconstruct is much faster
Add denim as a material and buff jeans
Removed scent tracking from certain zombies
Cody can make chainmail armor and charges more

> Rework melee, unarmed, dodge, cutting, stabbing, and bashing practice recipes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Limit melee, unarmed, dodge, cutting, stabbing, and bashing practice recipes to limit higher level practice actions to books
```

## Bugfixes:
Crafting GUI: show how much recipe makes for non-charge items
Monsters add weight to vehicle when on boardable parts
Make AUTO_PICKUP_SAFEMODE also consider ignored mobs
Reset daily health at the end of each day
Food inside sealed containers is properly labeled as such in the [E]ating menu
Prevent autodrive from dropping vehicles in holes
Allow room for starting NPC when picking player starting position
Determine how much you can squish a soft container by its contents

> Avoid updating weather every turn, respect weather-specific duration settings
> No cooldown in sfx::do_obstacle(); furniture-specific obstacle sounds not used

Reviewer: These seem pretty minor and technical
```suggestion
```

mutate_towards accounts for bionics which CANCEL but don't CONFLICT with mutations
Fix files after a symlink in a directory all treated as symlink on Windows
Fixes marina spawns
Fix NPCs unable to trade items away if they have no pockets
Display IME candidate list and composition text correctly on Windows
Fix dark gray in the ncurses client for terminal emulators that support 256 colors.
Fixes mobile home park road connections
Flush map buffers after failing to create starting location

> Smart controller one engine support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Smart controller supports using only one engine
```

> refactor item::*_resist, fix bugs related to clothing mods and outfit bodypart coverage
> Stored calories cap instead of integer overflowing
> Fix monster bleeding on all damage types

Reviewer: 1. Doesn't tell us anything
2. Super duper rare bug
3. Bug introduced in 0.H
```suggestion
```

Disassembly doesn't return items with UNRECOVERABLE flag

## Performance:

> Code optimizations reported by static code analysis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Make `Character::best_item_with_quality` examine items non-recursively

> Effect modifier rewrite

Reviewer: Doesn't really say anything

Author: ```suggestion
Refactor effect types to use map indirection and enums instead of strings
```

## Infrastructure:
Epower and power in units::power
Update compiler support.  Now supporting gcc 8.1+, clang 10+, XCode 10.1+

> Refactor item components to be stored as a map
> Refactor `Character::complete_craft`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refactor some crafting infrastructure to support removal of charges
```

# 0.H

## Features:
Tilesets: Automatically prevent occlusions via semi-transparent sprites (similar to retraction)
Add parametric mapgen to consolidate similar basecamp definitions

## Content:
Add 14 scores, 24 achievements and 5 conducts related to vehicular travel
Add generic finales for generic mine
Add new boss for physics lab
Add 4 New Apartment Complexes
Add several new bungalows

## Interface:

> Show crafting failure chances in the crafting interface

Author: Oh I see, I guess I just added it twice :p

```suggestion
```

# 0.H

## Features:
Prevent occlusions via (auto)-semi-transparent sprites (similar to retraction)
flip overmap tiles to default true
Parametric basecamp expansion definitions

## Content:
Add 14 scores, 24 achievements and 5 conducts related to vehicular travel
Generic finales for generic mine
New boss for physics lab
4 New Apartment Complexes
Add several new bungalows

> ## Interface:

Reviewer: This is just because I didn't have a summary line for it, but think it could use mention
```suggestion
## Interface:
Show crafting failure chances in the crafting interface
```

Author: Huh, not sure why this one didn't get committed

```suggestion
## Interface:
Show crafting failure chances in the crafting interface
```

Show addictions from hobbies in newcharacter tab
Added ability to think to yourself in the message log
Added Presets for pocket settings

## Mods:
[Aftershock] Fix the Migo mutation tree
[TropiCata] Adds more tropical flora
[Mythos] Split off Mythos creatures into self-contained mod for 0.G
[Desert Region] world generation changes
[Aftershock] Reduce deadliness and frequency of ruin robots
[Dark Skies] Remove Dark Skies Above from the main repository
[Magiclysm] Adds item enchanting to magicalysm mod
[Backrooms] Adds 10 rare artifact variants to the Backrooms
[Magiclysm Graphical Overmap] Delete Magiclysm Graphical Overmap
[Magiclysm] Another approach to animist summoning

> [Xedra Evolved] Dreamsmiths got their spells

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Xedra Evolved] Add content for dreamsmiths and dreamers
```

# 0.H

## Features:

> Extended byproduct groups functionality
> Add bodygraph displaying wetness status
> Passing time for stationary generators and other immobile vehicles
> Replaced the has_identified field with is_scannable for ebookscan.
> Adjust grab logic, re-limbify escaping
> NPC now have randomized height and age values
> Prevent occlusions via (auto)-semi-transparent sprites (similar to retraction)
> Setting 'Initial time' world option to -1 randomizes that value
> Rework dodge encumbrance scaling
> Effects of pain recovery traits now implemented with eocs
> Randomize age/freshness of comestibles generated at calendar::start_of_cataclysm
> Separate global spawn rate for each item category
> Mop up liquids when deploying furniture instead of interrupting the placement of furniture.
> flip overmap tiles to default true
> Add bodypart on-hit effects, allow effects to directly modify limb scores
> Tweak crafting failure formulas and display failure chances
> EOC triggers for OMT entry and exit
> Adds a Toggle Prone keybinding option
> Prompt player on where he wants to climb down to when pressed 'move down' button
> Correct the energy used by food handling recipes to real life values
> Dynamic BMI penalties
> Parametric basecamp expansion definitions
> Allow mutations to remove starting traits

Author: ```suggestion
Prevent occlusions via (auto)-semi-transparent sprites (similar to retraction)
flip overmap tiles to default true
Parametric basecamp expansion definitions
```

Fix reinforced_glass_sheet recipe weight and volume inconsistency
Add/update dumpster disassembly and bash products
Adjust `f_metal_trashcan` construct, bash & disassembly
Add `i4_diesel` disassembly
Apartment tower cleanup - misc mapgen changes
Cutting logs with power tools
Fruit orchard roof
Changes potter's cottage and shipwreck generation
zombie backpacks have more than just basic kevlar vests
Obsoletes old-style trailer parks
Make the hazardous waste sarcophagus actually hazardous
Make the MOLLE webbing belt non-conductive.
Even more skulls
Adds 2 new simple missions to the helicopter crash scenario
Integrated Multitool uses an integrated armor
touched up some nether enemies descriptions
Additional color variations (blue, pink, etc.) for vanilla hairstyles that didn't have them
Add a camping portable stove
New sheet metal battleaxes, based upon the sheet metal swords.
Adding in letter variants for immersion.
Give the New England Community Church a trader.
City exclusives, rural exclusives
add bungalow 09 and 10
Office tower cleanup, updates office nesteds, adds room dividers
Adds a plank recipe to the camp menu
Private resort cleanup, mapgen changes

> Jsonify beehive
> Added three different-sized MOLLE-compatible belt loops, along with recipes
> Adds a new flag for weapons to allow blocking with your body parts even while wielding them
> Grammar tweaks for various scenarios
> Calorie and heart rate tracker bionic
> Add a makeshift welding blanket
> Some skill books got variations
> You won't believe, but even more skill books got variations
> Vast edits to existing paints and some new colors
> Updated road connections, minor map changes for wilderness locations
> Sewer connections for city buildings and an overhaul to open sewers
> Change three NPC MGOAL_GO_TO quest invocations to allow player to go alone
> Update zipper bag description
> Add 14 scores, 24 achievements and 5 conducts related to vehicular travel
> Add two-piece and telescoping fishing rods
> adds acid blood
> adds the raptor features and description changes requested in #63645
> New dense bones mutation
> And even more skill books got variations
> Some another skill books got variations
> Created abstract definition for underbarrel weapons
> Mount fridge/freezer as rooftop cargo.
> Add Bungalow11 and Bungalow 12
> More colour for the painted walls and tweaks to pre-existing painted walls.
> Allow players to play the piano.
> Added airsoft gear, updated paintball field itemgroups
> Fix double tux in json. (Issue 63882)
> Improves the Mansion Escape scenario with a new mansion variant and better start locations
> Adds domesticated ferrets as encounterable animals
> Generic finales for generic mine
> add bungalows 13 and 14
> Added Sassafras Trees, sassafras roots, and craftable (fermented) rootbeer to the game!
> Liquid bandage spray
> Add more ant-related things.
> Add bird voice mutation
> climate-controlled armor and vehicles help coldblooded mutants avoid slowdown
> Allow morningstars to be clipped onto a suitable belt
> zomborg devourer
> Adds Polesaws to the game.
> Add a new zombie: the Malicious Mane
> Remove the old evac center merchant.
> Begin adding some reputation-related events
> Location-dependent hallucinations
> Terminating support for obsolete primitive field camp
> New boss for physics lab
> More Mexican foods
> Makes ladders bashable
> Delete innawoods variant of trapdoor spider den
> add bungalow 15 and 16
> Can disassemble meat into scraps
> 4 New Apartment Complexes
> Add Bungalow17 and Bungalow18
> Adds a recipe, an item and a vehicle part for a reinforced security camera.
> Hallucinating taming attempts / success on hallucinated animals
> Add a faction camp starting scenario
> Update occupied homeless camps to newer systems.
> Add some simple, salt and pepper meals by u/MuscleAgile5442 aka Cosmic
> Add Bungalows 19 and 20
> Updates offices with office-related furniture
> Wrestling background.

Author: ```suggestion
Add 14 scores, 24 achievements and 5 conducts related to vehicular travel
Generic finales for generic mine
New boss for physics lab
4 New Apartment Complexes
Add several new bungalows
```

## Interface:

> Remove padding from structured/compact safe+mood sidebar widget
> Swap out the colors for the `|.` and `\.` damage states
> Ursine has its own faces now (no horizontal)
> Makes the Body Status window slightly higher
> Edit the small body graph for clarity
> [ASCIITileset] Change Unknow terrain to use the unseen sprite
> Sidebar vehicle stats are now hidden until relevant
> Makes all appearance mutations visible in menus
> Show addictions from hobbies in newcharacter tab
> Keep updating sidebar with AIM active
> Fast scroll on game map and overmap don't reset (can be toggled)
> Reword existing trap message
> Ask before lighting a fire adjacent to a fireplace
> Pinyin matching for search in menus, to be used when the game is set to Chinese.
> Interface option to place asterisk before or after item's name
> Change gunmods information display method to make it clearer and more intuitive
> Added ability to think to yourself in the message log
> Added [?] keybindings at the bottom of the item action menu
> Removed restriction to auto pickup switching only from player UI
> Query on disassembling favorited or worn items
> Reasons for slow or fast crafting is now described in details
> Add AIM density sort
> Fixes AIM's interactions with containers
> Remove abandon character default keybind, and set `q` to look at sky
> Structured sidebar modifications
> Added Presets for pocket settings
> Added an option to adjust blinking speed
> Creates a new subcategory for unarmed weapons crafting
> Stopped clearing pocket settings from closing menu

Author: ```suggestion
Show addictions from hobbies in newcharacter tab
Added ability to think to yourself in the message log
Added Presets for pocket settings
```

[DinoMod] armor material fixes
[Xedra Evolved] random fixes
Earthshaper weapon consistency change
Fix the Migo mutation tree
Makes mana soft
Adds more tropical flora
Split off Mythos creatures into self-contained mod for 0.G
[DinoMod] zombie dino bites
[innawood] religious questline fixes
[Xedra Evolved] Bunch of stuff for dreamer class
Desert Region: world generation changes
Aftershock: More space food.
Aftershock: Add a motion scanner
Aftershock: Furniture for habitats
Starter Backrooms NPC
[DinoMod] wilderness spawn rework
Makes earthshaper cestus nonconductive
XEDRA Evolved grammar touchups
Adds Thought Shield and Thought Suit spells
Aftershock: Reduce deadliness and frequency of ruin robots
Remove Dark Skies Above from the main repository
Adds item enchanting to magicalysm mod
[Backrooms] Adds 10 rare artifact variants to the Backrooms
Delete Magiclysm Graphical Overmap
Another approach to animist summoning
Fix Magiclysm's Lesser/Greater Storage Rings causing encumberance
Re-adds moose taming to tameable wildlife mod
[DinoMod] tawa
[Xedra Evolved] I stole the inventor's sparks for dreamer class
Aftershock: Two new heavy laser cannons
Dreamsmiths got their spells

## Balance:

> Adds assorted costumes to the objective of the Cosplay mission.
> Use find_clear_path always for projectile trajectories, not just when it hits.
> Makes using a spear on enemies through fences/bars normally at low levels instead of defaulting to bashing on bars/fence instead.
> Increases .357 SIG’s overall armour penetration to bring it on par with similar ammo.
> Fixing density and some recipes to match reality better
> Five pin bow sights are uncraftable
> make fewer chain links per craft
> Add additional sources of patchwork cotton sheets from deconstruction
> Mole Crickets and Molerats can now give tetanus with bites
> Number changes for half worms
> Pipe and pipe weapons are no longer durable
> Nerf the Bokken but make the recipe easier
> CBMs are now priced according to their relative utility
> Meat scrap price fixes
> Gives chocolate the stats of a Hershey's bar
> Batch-time savings for cooking plant marrow
> make Phelloderm not awful
> improve chimera mutants' armor
> Revamps the spawns of ferrous/rust zombies
> Some spell adjustments to make them more equal
> Aluminum armor values rebalance
> Revamps the monster spawns in fitness related places
> Rebalanced tool belt weight and volume
> Remove bonus stab damage from BB gun
> Non-lethal scratches
> Make integrated shells outer in addition to strapped
> Rework basement monster spawns
> Add sounds for shockers
> Faraday chainmail is tempered steel, lower encumbrance, doesn't have rubber boots
> RM42 Fighting Knife tweaks
> wilderness spawn rework
> Change military composite armor removal requirements to power tool level metal sawing
> Change shotgun speedloader dimensions/weight and add belt clip property
> most anatomy mutations are 0 points
> Cap melee skill gain based on monster melee skill
> simple deconstruct is much faster
> Adds better monster spawning to the light industry location
> Small audit to the monster spawns of some helicopter related places
> Butchering Rack Recipe Tweak
> Add denim as a material and buff jeans
> Adjustments to ASRGs
> Yet more item cleanup and fixes
> Reduce power costs of ODS bionic
> Don't telefrag the player in most cases
> Removes phantom melee attack that can disrupt aim from explosive/taser hacks.
> Snow Shovel Qualities Fix
> Placeholder activity levels for many recipes replaced with realistic values
> What Zombies should track by scent?
> cody can make chainmail armor and charges more
> Placeholder activity levels for many mod recipes replaced with appropriate values
> greatly reduce the severity of nyctophobia, also removing hallucinations from it
> welding power costs increase
> Removed fire drill refill recipes, added notched fire boards as ammo
> Add environmental protection to rolled "turtleneck" and "turtleneck shirt" -- the same amount as their unrolled variants
> tone down rm13 a little
> Rework melee, unarmed, dodge, cutting, stabbing, and bashing practice recipes.

Author: ```suggestion
Default to bashing on bars/fence instead of the ground
Cap melee skill gain based on monster melee skill
Simple deconstruct is much faster
Add denim as a material and buff jeans
Removed scent tracking from certain zombies
Cody can make chainmail armor and charges more
Rework melee, unarmed, dodge, cutting, stabbing, and bashing practice recipes.
```

Avoid updating weather every turn, respect weather-specific duration settings
fixed tempered steel crafts only taking unclean water as a tool
Misc nested mapgen clearing fixes
Add ``rebar_rail`` to the obsoletion files
No cooldown in sfx::do_obstacle(); furniture-specific obstacle sounds not used
punching in power armor doesn't break it
Changes elf-a mutagen hurt_tick to 200 from 20, since 20 was 10x more dangerous than almost all other mutagens
sets length and adjusts weight of BB gun
fix for oversight in my previous pr
Lit cigarettes no longer function as light sources
Adds missing MA's to cqb
mutate_towards accounts for bionics which CANCEL but don't CONFLICT with mutations
Fix files after a symlink in a directory all treated as symlink on Windows
Chimera doesn't constantly change tails
Using mutation_heat_low when overheating, rather than mutation_heat_high
Fix a transactional error for the chemist NPC
Correctly handle liquid's birthday when stored into standing tanks
Fixes marina spawns
Add ingested calories to the calorie diary only when the player is doing the eating

> get_sick exponent issue
> Fix NPCs unable to trade items away if they have no pockets
> Allow Valhallist mission evacuees to follow the player.
> Torso Alloy Plating should conflict with Bulging Reservoir
> Remove erroneous AI traits from recruitable Godco NPCs.
> Give proper AI traits to the Isherwood, Kindred, Island Prisoner, Meteorologist, Bunker Merchant, and FOB Arabella NPCs.
> Fixed a typo upon entering the second floor of a portal storm dungeon.
> resolve issues with subdermal carbon filament
> Display IME candidate list and composition text correctly on Windows
> Fix dark gray in the ncurses client for terminal emulators that support 256 colors.
> Damage done on collisions now scales based on seatbelt quality
> Small Riot armor description fix
> fixes some size weight and value discrepancies with all the acorns
> Corrected S&W 619 description
> Fixed a typo in intercom mission dialogue
> Misc. Umbrella fixes
> Stop rigid boat hull breaking into pliable fabric sheets
> Adjust trapdoor spider dens
> Fixes mobile home park road connections
> Set tileset overmap to default true
> Changed shark_suit and shark_suit_faraday materials to plastic for the head/feet and lc_steel_chain in other slots. Also updated their weights to 18lbs.
> Now you can (once again?) wear rings under rigid gloves
> Reduce amount of platinum to craft platinum grille
> Flush map buffers after failing to create starting location
> Make meteorologist less likely to die
> Trapdoor spider den mapgen clearing flags
> Fixes Trenchcoat inconsistency and adds coverage to upper legs
> Change metal tanks crafting category
> Fix litcig burn out gated behind one-in-10 random chance
> Smart controller one engine support
> Calcium carbide production overhaul
> Weird interaction between skintight clothing and thick natural armor
> Fix paint requirements for some recipes
> Remove erroneous `SHALLOW_WATER` flag from `t_swater_dp`
> refactor item::*_resist, fix bugs related to clothing mods and outfit bodypart coverage
> Add missing flags to Predator Zombie evolution line
> Limit glare max duration
> Add missing space inside cashcard displayname
> stored calories cap instead of integer overflowing
> Fixes a bunch of disassembly recipes
> Adding recipe for craft freezer and adding ability to disassemble it, reducing taking dawn time
> fix for encumbrance of pals attached to riot armor suit
> Fix monster bleeding on all damage types
> fix id conflict with ap_compact_asrg_containment
> fixes the wretch’s raptor spawning ability.
> Adding plastic chunks to breaks_into of freezers and fridges and their mini variants. Editing player placeable appliance variants
> Make both Hub 01 modular defense ponchos' holster pocket compatible with all HWP conversion kits.
> Disassembly doesn't return items with UNRECOVERABLE flag
> Fixes numbers for normal bread and unifies charges across others
> Fixed inability to move down when standing on stairs next to a ledge or when flying a helicopter
> #64038
> Dissecting mutant mammals now yields samples
> Make 'Weak' conflict with other Strength-affecting mutations
> #64138
> Correct description of 'Hooves' mutation
> Fixed autoforage doesn't work on furniture with `harvest_furn_nectar` examine function
> Proofreading the descriptions of martial arts and their techniques to eliminate grammar & punctuation errors
> Spawn `liq_bandage_spray`, not `liq_bandage`
> Don't use `cruise_thrust()` on towed vehicles
> Update `cac2powder` recipe due to coal stat changes

Author: ```suggestion
Crafting GUI: show how much recipe makes for non-charge items
Monsters add weight to vehicle when on boardable parts
Make AUTO_PICKUP_SAFEMODE also consider ignored mobs
Reset daily health at the end of each day
Food inside sealed containers is properly labeled as such in the [E]ating menu
Prevent autodrive from dropping vehicles in holes
Allow room for starting NPC when picking player starting position
Determine how much you can squish a soft container by its contents
Avoid updating weather every turn, respect weather-specific duration settings
No cooldown in sfx::do_obstacle(); furniture-specific obstacle sounds not used
mutate_towards accounts for bionics which CANCEL but don't CONFLICT with mutations
Fix files after a symlink in a directory all treated as symlink on Windows
Fixes marina spawns
Fix NPCs unable to trade items away if they have no pockets
Display IME candidate list and composition text correctly on Windows
Fix dark gray in the ncurses client for terminal emulators that support 256 colors.
Fixes mobile home park road connections
Flush map buffers after failing to create starting location
Smart controller one engine support
refactor item::*_resist, fix bugs related to clothing mods and outfit bodypart coverage
Stored calories cap instead of integer overflowing
Fix monster bleeding on all damage types
Disassembly doesn't return items with UNRECOVERABLE flag
Dissecting mutant mammals now yields samples
```

Reviewer 2: You can remove this "Dissecting mutant mammals now yields samples" they already did this is just a small sample of missed/new mutants missing samples.

## Performance:

> Code optimizations reported by static code analysis
> Make `Character::best_item_with_quality` examine items non-recursively
> Effect modifier rewrite
> `veh_interact` structure packing refactoring
> Optimization and redundant code removal in `vehicle.cpp`

Author: ```suggestion
Code optimizations reported by static code analysis
Make `Character::best_item_with_quality` examine items non-recursively
Effect modifier rewrite
```

## Infrastructure:

> Consolidate functions for character's best item with given quality
> Move the Retrieve Deposit Box mission to JSON format
> Epower and power in units::power
> Consolidate fishing implements logic to use only tool quality
> Finer-grained mapgen flags for terrain wiping
> Remove hardcoded material whitelist from salvage actor
> Charges / item consumption for non-comestible healing
> Migrate wash activity to activity_actor
> Restrict the GitHub token permissions only to the required ones
> Update compiler support.  Now supporting gcc 8.1+, clang 10+, XCode 10.1+
> Document the function of `chat_topics` in MONSTER.md
> Refactor item components to be stored as a map
> Clarify restriction on mult_bonuses in martialarts doc
> Refactor `Character::complete_craft`

Author: ```suggestion
Epower and power in units::power
Update compiler support.  Now supporting gcc 8.1+, clang 10+, XCode 10.1+
Refactor item components to be stored as a map
Refactor `Character::complete_craft`
```

## Build:

> Fix CMake mixed signature error and outdated localization code
> Support Mac arm64 build
> Add Makefile comment explaining that RELEASE overrides NOOPT

Author: ```suggestion
Support Mac arm64 build
```

## I18N and A11Y:

> Add space to facilitate translation

Author: ```suggestion
```

# 0.H

## Features:
Extended byproduct groups functionality
Add bodygraph displaying wetness status
Passing time for stationary generators and other immobile vehicles
Replaced the has_identified field with is_scannable for ebookscan.

> Adds Magiclysm forage items to forage table, and allows rare items to be found via factionbase forage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
Move this line to mods.

Adjust grab logic, re-limbify escaping
NPC now have randomized height and age values
Prevent occlusions via (auto)-semi-transparent sprites (similar to retraction)

> New ammo clip flag

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Move to Content

> Make Churls totally illiterate and socially inept

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Content

Setting 'Initial time' world option to -1 randomizes that value
Rework dodge encumbrance scaling
Effects of pain recovery traits now implemented with eocs
Randomize age/freshness of comestibles generated at calendar::start_of_cataclysm
Separate global spawn rate for each item category

> Tough feet trait effect now tied to flag rather then specific traits

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Content

Mop up liquids when deploying furniture instead of interrupting the placement of furniture.
flip overmap tiles to default true
Add bodypart on-hit effects, allow effects to directly modify limb scores
Tweak crafting failure formulas and display failure chances
EOC triggers for OMT entry and exit
Adds a Toggle Prone keybinding option
Prompt player on where he wants to climb down to when pressed 'move down' button
Correct the energy used by food handling recipes to real life values
Dynamic BMI penalties
Parametric basecamp expansion definitions
Allow mutations to remove starting traits

## Content:
Added / adjusted craft/uncraft recipes for fishing tools
Fix an oversight that allowed using synthetic fabric *patches* instead of *sheets* in recipes
Bird nests can be found on roofs
Minor prison mapgen update
Electric Spinwheel recipes for materials (e.g. thread, sheet)
Migrate remaining farms to the farm mutable, misc map updates

> Add Innawood-friendly recipe for alternators

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Move to mods

Fix reinforced_glass_sheet recipe weight and volume inconsistency
Add/update dumpster disassembly and bash products
Adjust `f_metal_trashcan` construct, bash & disassembly
Add `i4_diesel` disassembly
Apartment tower cleanup - misc mapgen changes
Cutting logs with power tools
Fruit orchard roof
Changes potter's cottage and shipwreck generation
zombie backpacks have more than just basic kevlar vests
Obsoletes old-style trailer parks
Make the hazardous waste sarcophagus actually hazardous
Make the MOLLE webbing belt non-conductive.

> Adds a Tier 3 Earthshaper spell to reveal the world map

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Move to mods

Adds a new flag for weapons to allow blocking with your body parts even while wielding them
Grammar tweaks for various scenarios
Calorie and heart rate tracker bionic
Add a makeshift welding blanket
Some skill books got variations
You won't believe, but even more skill books got variations
Vast edits to existing paints and some new colors
Updated road connections, minor map changes for wilderness locations
Sewer connections for city buildings and an overhaul to open sewers
Change three NPC MGOAL_GO_TO quest invocations to allow player to go alone
Update zipper bag description
Add 14 scores, 24 achievements and 5 conducts related to vehicular travel
Add two-piece and telescoping fishing rods
adds acid blood
adds the raptor features and description changes requested in #63645
New dense bones mutation
And even more skill books got variations
Some another skill books got variations
Created abstract definition for underbarrel weapons
Mount fridge/freezer as rooftop cargo.
Add Bungalow11 and Bungalow 12
More colour for the painted walls and tweaks to pre-existing painted walls.
Allow players to play the piano.
Added airsoft gear, updated paintball field itemgroups

> adds DinoMod acid blood

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Move to mods
